The following open source projects are referenced by Modbus Device Service Go:

goburrow/modbus (unspecified) - https://github.com/goburrow/modbus
https://github.com/goburrow/modbus/blob/master/LICENSE

goburrow/serial (MIT) https://github.com/goburrow/serial
https://github.com/goburrow/serial/blob/master/LICENSE

tbrandon/mbserver (MIT) - https://github.com/tbrandon/mbserver
https://github.com/tbrandon/mbserver/blob/master/LICENSE

BurntSushi/toml (MIT) - https://github.com/BurntSushi/toml
https://github.com/BurntSushi/toml/blob/master/COPYING

gorilla/mux 1.6.2 (BSD-3) - https://github.com/gorilla/mux
https://github.com/gorilla/mux/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/consul 1.1.0 (Mozilla Public License 2.0) - https://github.com/hashicorp/consul
https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-cleanhttp (Mozilla Public License 2.0) - https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-rootcerts (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/go-homedir (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir
https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/mapstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/serf (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/serf
https://github.com/hashicorp/serf/blob/master/LICENSE

armon/go-metrics (MIT) https://github.com/armon/go-metrics
https://github.com/armon/go-metrics/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-immutable-radix (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/golang-lru (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru
https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru/blob/master/LICENSE

robfig/cron (MIT) - https://github.com/robfig/cron
https://github.com/robfig/cron/blob/master/LICENSE

mgo v2 (BSD-2) - https://github.com/go-mgo/mgo
https://github.com/go-mgo/mgo/blob/v2-unstable/LICENSE

mgo/bson v2 (unspecified) - https://github.com/go-mgo/mgo/tree/v2/bson
https://github.com/go-mgo/mgo/blob/v2/bson/LICENSE

gopkg.in/yaml v2 (Apache 2.0) - https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/tree/v2
https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/blob/v2/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/edgex-go (Apache) - https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-go
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-go/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go (Apache) - https://github.com/edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go/blob/master/LICENSE-2.0.txt

google/uuid (BSD-3) - https://github.com/google/uuid
https://github.com/google/uuid/blob/master/LICENSE
